CMP-4024: FIO 1.3.8 Documentation Release Note (#104073)
openshift/openshift-docs: security/file_integrity_operator/file-integrity-operator-release-notes.adoc

To access the latest release, see xref:../../security/file_integrity_operator/file-integrity-operator-updating.adoc#olm-preparing-upgrade_file-integrity-operator-updating[Updating the File Integrity Operator].

[id="file-integrity-operator-release-notes-1-3-8"]
== OpenShift File Integrity Operator 1.3.8

The following advisory is available for the OpenShift File Integrity Operator 1.3.8:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2025:XXXXX[RHSA-2025:XXXXX OpenShift File Integrity Operator Update]

[id="file-integrity-operator-1-3-8-bug-fixes"]

> === Bug fixes

Author: NOTE: I'll be changing my release notes formatting when we get back from holiday recharge.

> * Previously, the pods running the database used by recently installed FIO would go into a terminating state, adding error log entries that were not useful. With this release, the pods needed by FIO do not go into terminating state without completing their work.  (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3757[*CMP-3757*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, the file-integrity-operator pods and the aide pods running the database used by recently installed FIO would go into a terminating state, adding error log entries that were not useful. With this release, the pods needed by FIO do not go into terminating state unless a relevant error occurred or they completed their work.  (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/CMP-3757[*CMP-3757*])
```

Author: This is done, thank you @yuumasato !
